---
categories: 
  - resources
  - sara
section: resources
author: Sara
layout: post
title: Teacher Services
audience: "Teachers in Des Plaines day care centers, preschools, elementary, or junior highs."
keywords: "resources, services, "
goals: "learn how to get a school library card, request a teacher bookbag, give us an assignment alert, available services (scheduling library tours, school visits), possible learn about classroom sets?"
actions: "fill out a bookbag form, fill out an assignment alert, "
published: true
---

We have a variety of services to enhance your curriculum. Here are just a few:

##School Library Cards
All schools, preschools, and day care centers located within incorporated Des Plaines (excluding hhome-based centers) are eligible for a library card. To receive a library card, request an application from the Registration Desk at 847-376-2787 or 
[download the application](http://dppl.org/youth/schoolcard.doc).

##Preschool Fair
Watch for information on our annual Preschool Fair held at the library each year in January. The Preschool Fair provides area parents with the opportunity to learn about the different preschool programs available in our community. Area preschools and day care centers can reserve a table display information and materials about their facility. [Get more information here.](link to Preschool Fair page - in progress) For more information, please contact Courtney Schade, Preschool Liaison, at cschade@dppl.org or 847-376-2797.

##Teacher Bookbags
If you teach at a preschool, elementary, or middle school in Des Plaines, we can provide you with a selection of materials to use in your classroom or help your students with their research needs. If you would rather select your own materials, or if you teach at a school that is not located in Des Plaines, we'll be happy to assist you in person. 

###How Teacher Bookbags Work
- Usually, requested materials are checked out to your school's library card; however, if you don't have immediate access to the card, you may use your personal libary card. (If you don't live in Des Plaines, you may still use your personal library card to check out our materials. Depending on the library, you may need to register your card with us in person.) _Please note that the cardholder is responsible for any lost or damaged items._ 

- Request materials [online](online form), in person, or by calling us at 847-376-2839. We will select up to 25 books, CDs, or nonfiction DVDs (by special arrangement), based on availability of materials. _Please allow three to five school days for your bookbag to be prepared._

- These materials are yours to use for four weeks. If know that your unit will last longer than four weeks, you can request an 8-week vacation loan at the time of check-out.

- We'll hold your bookbag for __three school days__ after your requested pick-up date. After that time, the materials will be reshelved unless you call us to make new arrangements.

##Library Visits
We love seeing your students in the library! Unless you have a special request, most library visits consist of an age-appropriate storytime, a brief tour of the Youth Services Department, and time for browsing. Elementary students may also enjoy a pictoral scavenger hunt. You may also request research orientation for older students instead of storytime. Please schedule visits at least two weeks in advance. Visits are based upon staff availability for a given day, so alternative dates are always helpful.

To schedule a library visit for preschoolers, please contact Courtney Schade, Preschool Liaison, at cschade@dppl.org or 847-376-2797.

To schedule a library visit for elementary or middle school students, please contact Sara McLaughlin, School Liaison, at smclaughlin@dppl.org or 847-376-2795.

To schedule a library visit for a community group, please contact the Youth Services Desk at 847-376-2893. ****check with Stephanie to see if there's a designated person for this.]

##School Visits for Preschools
To schedule a school visit for your daycare center or preschool, please contact Courtney Schade, Preschool Liaison Librarian, at cschade@dppl.org or 847-376-2797.

##School Visits for Elementary and Middle Schools
We love the opportunity to visit our schools in person and we have a variety of programs we can present to your students. Here are some ideas to consider:
- Booktalks on new titles, a specific genre, or the yearly children's choice award titles ([Caudill Award for 4th - 8th grades](Caudill), [Bluestem Award for 3rd - 5th grades](Bluestem), or [Monarch Award for K - 3rd grades)](Monarch).
- Fractured Fairy Tales - Listen to the original version of a classic fairy tale and compare it with various cultural or fractured versions of the same story.
- Community Workers - Learn how libraries work and what jobs there are in the library.
- Research Orientation - Introduce your students to the many online database resources the library has to offer and how they can help with a specific research project. _This can also be structured as a teacher inservice._

If any of these sound interesting, please contact Sara McLaughlin, School Liaison, at smclaughlin@dppl.org or 847-376-2795. Please schedule visits three weeks in advance, if possible.
 












