---
categories: 
  - resources
  - courtney
section: resources
author: Courtney
layout: post
title: Parents
audience: ""
keywords: ""
goals: ""
actions: ""
published: true
---

As parents, you know your child best, and know what they like and where their intersts lie.  We hope you take advantage of the following information and opportunities.

## Autism Resource Center

The [Autism Resource Center](http://autismsource.pbworks.com/w/page/14287501/Autism_Resource_Center) now has a wiki with links to various helpful websites and organizations.

## Free Publications

We have free parenting publications such as the Oaklee's Guide, Chicago Parent, and Time Out Chicago: Kids available on the 2nd floor in the Youth Services department.  Stop by the desk so we can point you in the direction of the print publications, or find the information online.

## Homeschooling

Resources for homeschooling families can be found in our homeschooling collection of materials in the library and online here. (link to Sarah's resources for teachers section on homeschooling.

## Museum Pass Program

The Museum Pass Program allows Des Plaines Public Library card holders to check out one pass per 7 days per family.  You can print (link to pdf of museums) a list of the participating museums or visit www.museumadeventure.org for more information on what each pass allows.  Some museums use the pass for buy-one-get-one admission or completely free admission into the facility.   

## Online Resources

We subscribe to several online resources (link to Sarah's all resources page) with age-appropriate content specifically geared to K-8 curriculum.  These are especially helpful for subjects with limited print resources.  All of the online resources are available through our website from home or school with a Des Plaines Public Library card.

## Parenting Collection

Our parenting collection of materials assits parents with child development from infancy through adolescence.  It includes a variety of magazines and appropriate information for sensitive parenting issues.

## Schools

A list of preschools in the area and elementary and midddle schools is available as well as a list of the participating programs in the Preschool Fair for Parents held every January at the library.

## Storytimes and Programs

Use the links to look at upcoming storytimes (link to kids events page of calendar) and family programming (link to family events page of calendar).

## Web Sites for Parents and Families

A list of websites for parents and families offers links to places to go with children, activity suggestions for families with kids, and the best of websites and blogs for parents.