---
categories: 
  - about
  - roberta
section: about
author: Roberta
layout: post
title: Art
audience: ""
keywords: ""
goals: ""
actions: ""
published: true
---

##Art in the Library


When the 1501 Ellinwood Street building was constructed in 2000, a major goal of the library board was to integrate public art throughout the building. Residents and local organizations donated money to fund sculpture, murals and other installations in the  building. Each floor has at least one major piece for the public to enjoy.

###First Floor

In 2004, the Friends of the library celebrated their 50th anniversary by donating [a bronze sculpture of the young Abraham Lincoln](link to Lincoln info) to reside in the lobby. The lobby also provides an excellent view looking upward at Skyword, the hanging holographic sculpture created by Kristina Lucas and Michael Hayden. This husband and wife team are also responsible for the renowned neon sculpture at O'Hare's United terminal.

###Second Floor

The Youth Services department is adorned by an 80 foot long mural of classic children's stories painted in panels by Robert Jessup along the south wall. The Storytime Room has a lively undersea mural painted by Kevin Luthardt, a children's book author and former employee of the library. In the northeast corner of the floor, a peaceful Poet Tree was the generous individual donation of the Hubbard family; Douglas, Maxine and Douglas Jr., in memory of their daughter Rebecca Mae. Also on the second floor, in the Administration Offices, is a mixed media installation by Joe Walters, featuring the animals and plants of Illinois.

###Third Floor

The Reader's Services floor hosts a rotating exhibit of painting and photography by members of the Des Plaines Art Guild in the northwest corner. On the south wall, behind the information desk, resides a computer generated mural by artist Pae White. This mural was created with the same material used to "wrap" a city bus. A smaller, companion piece to Skyword hangs between the third and second floor by the north windows.

###Fourth Floor

The Reference floor holds a sculptural installation by artist Fred Nagelbach in the northwest corner above and by the windows. The objects represent all the tools of literature and the mind. ##







