---
categories: 
  - about
  - roberta
section: about
author: Roberta
layout: post
title: History
audience: resident
keywords: library history
goals: "how old the library is, how big the building is"
actions: ""
published: true
---

##Our History

The Des Plaines Public Library first opened its doors at Miner and Graceland Streets on October 5, 1907.  The building was funded by a $5,000 grant from philanthropist Andrew Carnegie.  

A referendum was passed in 1957 that provided a new library building a few blocks from the original site.  Many residents still remember the Boy Scouts using shopping carts to move books from the old building to the new one. Two subsequent additions expanded the building to nearly 40,000 square feet.

The library’s bookmobile also served the community for 43 years, bringing materials to residents at more than 30 schools, parks and senior living facilities in Des Plaines and Rosemont from 1969 to 2012. Library staff have continued these services since the bookmobile retired, reaching out to almost 15,000 residents in schools, senior residences and at community events in 2013.

In the spring of 1998, the City Council approved a downtown redevelopment project which included a new 82,000 square-foot library as its centerpiece.  Designed by the award-winning architectural firm Lohan and Anderson, and built by contractor Leopardo and Companies, the elegant four story building opened on August 14, 2000. 

Over the last 106 years, the Des Plaines Public Library has established itself as a community center, technology hub and cultural destination. Here are some of the ways YOU use the library in one year:

- visit the building 575,000 times
- visit the website 500,000 times
- check out 1,250,000 items 
- use a computer over 125,000 times
- ask over 275,000 questions 


