---
categories: 
  - about
  - roberta
section: about
author: Roberta
layout: post
title: Policies
audience: "patrons, residents, staff, businesses"
keywords: "loan policies, library cards, "
goals: who can get a card and for how long they can check out materials.
actions: Apply for a library card
published: true
---

##Getting a Library Card

Any resident of incorporated Des Plaines can get a free library card that is good for **three years**. You must show a photo ID and proof of your residency (like your driver's license, state ID or a utility bill). Kids in 8th grade or younger must bring a parent or guardian who can show a photo ID and proof of their residency.

You can apply online or on the first floor of the library. If you apply online, you can pick up your new card (and show your ID) in three days. Did you lose your library card? Come to the first floor with ID and we will issue you a new one.

###Don't live in Des Plaines? 

You can use your home library card to check out anything we have in our collection. Bring your card with you and we will register you in our patron database. If you have any questions about using your card here, please call the library at 847-827-5551.

Since Rosemont doesn't have a library, Rosemont residents who live north of Devon Avenue must purchase their cards at the Des Plaines Public Library. Rosemont residents pay 25% or $68.89 for a non-resident card for the entire family for **one year**. (The Village of Rosemont pays the rest of the fee directly to the Des Plaines Public Library.)

Other Rosemont residents who live south of Devon Avenue should contact the Schiller Park Library for card information and costs. Please call them at 847-678-0433.

###Des Plaines Businesses

If you own a business in incorporated Des Plaines, we can give you a company library card that is good for **one year**, with all the borrowing privileges of a resident card. We have many materials, programs and ideas to support your business, and most of our online resources can be accessed with your card from work or from home.


###Using Your New Library Card

You can use your card to check out as many items as you want. You can also use your card to:

- create an online account to renew your items, place holds and keep track of what you check out

- sign up for a public computer

- access our online resources from home

- download books, audiobooks and music

- borrow items that we don't own from other libraries











