---
categories: 
  - resources
  - christina
section: resources
author: Christina
layout: post
title: Articles
audience: ""
keywords: ""
goals: ""
actions: ""
published: true
---

**### Newspapers**

These newspaper databases give you daily and historic content free of charge. Newspaper Web sites usually charge for older articles. Digitized versions of newspapers include photographs and ads.

### Access World News

Full-text for local, national and international newspapers.

### Chicago Sun-Times

Full-text from 1986 to the present.

### Chicago Tribune

Full-text from 1985 to the present.

### Chicago Tribune - ProQuest Historical Newspapers

This digitized version of the newspaper includes photographs and ads from 1849–1989. 

### Chicago Tribune Digital Microfilm

This is the Chicago Tribune on digital microfilm from 2008 forward. It includes ads and photographs. There is a 2–3 month lag before the newspapers appear. You can browse the content but it is not searchable. 

### Daily Herald

Full-text from 1995 to the present.

**### Des Plaines Local Newspapers**

This collection brings together issues of several local newspapers dating from 1939 to the present. The oldest newspapers were badly damaged by water and mold and are preserved here for historical research. In library only

### Des Plaines Times

Full-text from 1995 to 1/15/2009. No longer published.

### LexisNexis Library Express

This database includes hundreds of national and international newspapers. It's a good source for breaking news and worldwide perspectives. Coverage begins in 1980.

### Library PressDisplay

Read or listen to articles from hundreds of newspapers in the U.S. and around the globe. Newspapers are in the original language, in full-page format with photographs, advertisements, crossword puzzles and cartoons. 

### New York Times Historical Archive (1851–2009)

New York Times digitized cover to cover from 1851–2009 (NYT 1980 to present available in LexisNexis [link to Lexis Nexis]).

### Newspaper Source Plus

Full text from hundreds of U.S. and international newspapers.

### Wall Street Journal ProQuest

Full text from 1984 to the present.

**### Magazines**

### Digitized Magazines - for a unique online experience

These magazines display in full color, cover to cover, with photographs and ads included. You can browse an issue or do a search to find a particular topic or article.

### National Geographic

This is a searchable archive of over 100 years of National Geographic magazine (1888–1994) includes every page and every photograph from the iconic, award winning magazine.

### Vogue Archive

This contains the full run of the magazine in full text and full color from 1892 to the present. You can browse an issue or search for a specific topic. 

### Zinio Magazines
Read magazines on your tablet or smartphone. Many popular titles. No late fees!

**### Articles**

These databases include a huge selection of articles from popular and educational magazines and journals. Some are text only, others include photograhs.

### America's News Magazines

Access to current and past issues of popular magazines including Newsweek, Vanity Fair, New Republic and The Atlantic

### Article First

Index of articles (including full text) in thousands of journals.

### Master File Premier

Full text for periodicals covering general reference, business, health, education and science. Links to video files including television shows like the Today Show and Meet the Press. Full text from reference books and more.
		 
**### OUR FAVORITE WEB SITES**

[### ArticlesBase.com](http://www.articlesbase.com/)

Free online articles directory. 

