---
categories: 
  - resources
  - christina
section: resources
author: Christina
layout: post
title: Health
audience: adults
keywords: "health, medicine, drugs, nonprescription drugs, prescription drugs, medications, diseases, diabetes, medical condition, stroke, heart attack, obesity, pills"
goals: ""
actions: ""
published: true
---

[Link to Affordable Healthcare Act information]
Getting reliable, authoritative information on health topics is essential to our well being. We've compiled a list of resources that can help.

## SUBSCRIPTION DATABASES- DPPL card required from home.

### Complete Directory for Pediatric Disorders

This directory contains useful information about common pediatric conditions, disorders, diseases and disabilities for parents and caregivers.

### Medline

This is a database of article citations for all areas of medicine, mainly for the medical profession. Produced by the National Library of Medicine.

### ReferenceUSA Health Care

This is a directory of information on U.S. physicians and dentists.

### OUR FAVORITE WEB SITES FOR CONSUMER HEALTH INFORMATION

### [Medline Plus](http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/)

This excellent free Web site has information on medical conditions, prescription drugs and and other health topics. It's produced by the National Library of Medicine and the National Institutes of Health.

[### Mayo Clinic](http://www.mayoclinic.com/health-information/)

This is an authoritataive site with information on medical diseases and conditions, drugs, tests and procedures and more

### RESOURCES IN THE COMMUNITY

[Community Health Services](Local Events    Community Health Services  

Here you can find out what the services are provided by the City of Des Plaines Community Health Nurse.