---
categories: 
  - resources
  - joanie
section: resources
author: Joanie
layout: post
title: Teens
audience: Teens and Parents of Teens
keywords: "Events, Books, Homework Help "
goals: "Get access to library databases, resources and events relevant to them."
actions: ""
published: true
---

Just want the fun stuff? Go right to our [Tumblr](http://captaintabbycats.tumblr.com/).

If you’re feeling too grown-up for the children’s floor, but not quite ready to be an adult, the third floor of the library is the place to be. It’s officially the Readers’ Services floor, but tucked away in the corner is your little piece of land where you’ll find our graphic novels and out high school fiction collections. 

If manga is your thing, check out our manga collection and maybe join us once a month at Anime Club where we draw, watch anime, enjoy some Japanese snacks (yes, we have Ramune!) and have lots of laughs.

Do you run out of books to read no matter how many you check out, then our Kindle Paperwhites are perfect for you. They are loaded with an entire library of hot new titles and the Kindle is yours to keep for an entire month!
Our (er, cozy?) teen lounge is reserved specifically for you. Drop by any time you want to relax, read, or hang out with your friends. 
If you want to use a computer, but don’t want to go to the fourth floor (sometimes I don’t either) we have teen macs just for you. Stop by the third floor information desk with your school ID and your library card and you will be able to check out a Macbook Pro for at least two hours. You can’t take it home, but you can take it anywhere on the third floor. 
If you need to do some serious school work (and I know you do) check out the top five databases for high school students:
1
2
3
4
5

Interested in teen programs? Check here….
Want to keep up with everything DPPLTeen? Find us here:
Instagram Logo, FB Logo, Tumblr Logo
If you still haven’t found what you’re looking for or have suggestions about how the library can make your life better, then look for me. I’m almost always here and always happy chat with my awesome teen patrons!

 

 
**Biography in Context**  
Biographical information on over 500,000 individuals spanning history and geography.

**Tutor**
FREE online homework help. Expert tutors, available from your library or home computer. 

**Mas Ultra**  
Magazine articles, reference works and primary source documents for high school students.

**Master File Premier**  
Full text articles covering general reference, business, health, education, science, multicultural issues and much more. Also includes primary source documents. 
 
**Opposing Viewpoints**  
Viewpoint articles on contempory social issues. Includes statistics, primary documents and full text magazine and newspaper articles.
 
**Virtual Reference Library**  
A virtual library of encyclopedias, almanacs and and specialized reference sources. 


