---
categories: 
  - "patron-services"
  - cathy
section: "patron-services"
author: Cathy
layout: post
title: Devices
audience: Adults
keywords: "devices, ereaders, Nexus 7, Kindle, Nook"
goals: User should learn about devices that are available to checkout and the procedures associated with the checkout
actions: Click on link to catalog
published: true
---

Curious about eReaders and tablets but not ready to take the plunge? Check out one of our devices and try it out for a while. Each device is pre-loaded with a variety of popular fiction and nonfiction titles. Check with the 3rd floor Readers Services staff 

## Nexus 7 tablets

The Nexus 7 is a 7" tablet that runs the Android operating system. Not only 

## Kindles

Kindles are nearly synonomous with eReaders. Lightweight and long-lasting, Kindles are a great introducing to what dedicated eReaders are all about. If you think that reading on a screen might tire your eyes, definitely try a Kindle (or a Nook). 

## Nooks 

A competitor to the Kindle, our Nooks are another way to try out a device that is designed to make reading eBooks a great experience.

## More details about borrowing devices
Devices checkout for 4 weeks and are not renewable. Some of the devices are bundled with specific types of titles such as award winning Children's titles, Teen books and manga. Des Plaines cardholders can put a hold on devices through the catalog.

## Why we lend devices
Originally, we started lending eReaders becauae they made life so much better for people who read large print books. But now we see much broader need as mobile devices become so prevalent. Not only do you get the try out the hardware and formfactors with our devices, but you can see what kinds of content you can download and use on the devices too. This is just one of the ways your library card is such a valuable resource.