---
categories: 
  - visit
  - brodie
section: visit
author: Brodie
layout: post
title: Visit
audience: ""
keywords: ""
goals: ""
actions: ""
published: true
---

With over 500,000 visitors a year, our library is a bustling place. We're happy to welcome you too!

## Hours

We're open 7 days a week during the following hours:

- Monday through Friday: 9 a.m. – 9 p.m.
- Saturday: 9 a.m. – 5 p.m.
- Sunday: 1 p.m. – 5 p.m.

If you're planning a visit, be sure to check out our [special hours and closing dates](hours-days-closed).

## Getting here and parking

The library sits right in downtown Des Plaines. We're on the south side of the Metra tracks. Our address is:

1501 Ellinwood Street
Des Plaines, Illinois 60016

You can get here by car, train, and bus.

### Parking

You can park in the municipal garage behind the library or in the parking spaces in Library Plaza. Most of the parking spots are 2 or 3 hours spots. But, make sure that you follow the posted rules about parking.

Need a longer parking time? Use the commuter lot with meters over at Metropolitan Square, on the other side of Northwest Highway. 

### Public transportation

It is easy to reach the Library from the Metra's Union Pacific Northwest line--the Des Plaines stop is directly in front of (north of) the Library. Six Pace bus lines also stop at the Metra station or across Miner Street from the station: 208, 209, 226, 230, 234, 250.

## What you can do here

Libraries are so much more than just warehouses for books (of course we have over 250,000 of those too). Here are some of the things you can do and the services we provide for you:

- Use a public computer
- Use our public wifi
- Use our printers, scanners, and fax machines
- Reserve a study room
- Attend an event or class
- Get help from our awesome staff

### Do you need a library card?

[fill in with detail about this]

### For our visitors with special needs

If you have special needs or accomodations, visit [our accessiblily page](accessibility) to learn how we try to help you.










