---
categories: 
  - resources
  - cheryl
section: resources
author: Cheryl
layout: post
title: Kids
audience: "parents, older kids"
keywords: "learn, play, resources, school, fun"
goals: "What the kid's floor offers"
actions: ""
published: true
---

## What can you do in the Youth Services department?
## Basically, everything!

Our floor is for kids from age 0 to grade 8. This means we have board books for the youngest readers, we have a Young Adult section just for 7th and 8th graders, and we have everything in between. There is something for everyone in Youth Services!

--Finished a great book and looking for something just like it?
--Looking for video games?
--Need a table to work on a group project?

We can help with all these things and so much more. Talk to a friendly librarian and they can help you. Read on for what you can discover on the library's website that is just for kids like you.

###Ebooks and more
Regular ebook user and want to get new things to read? Not sure what the deal is with ebooks and what to know more? What in the world is Freegal?? Visit our **ebooks and more** [link to ebooks and more] page to see all of the digital options we have for you.

### Digital devices
We've got many different digital devices for you to check out. View our **Kids Devices**[link to Kids Devices] page to see what we have and click on the catalog link to see if it's on the shelf.

### Homework help
Where do you go when you need homework help? Turn to **Kids Subject Guides**[link to Kids Subject Guides]. This is where you should start when you're stumped about your science project or your research paper. **Bonus!** Did you know you can get online homework help? Check out the guide to learn how!

### Computers
We've got lots of computers for you to use in the library and free Wi-Fi if you're bringing your own device. Got little brothers or sisters? We have early learning computers filled with educational games just for them! Learn more about computers on the **Computer page**[link to Computers].

### Looking for something fun to do?
Click to view the **Kids Event Calendar**[link to Kids Event Calendar] to see what's happening. We have tons of programs, from technology to crafts, just for kids like you!

### I want to help out in the library!
Check out the **Volunteering for Teens**[link to Volunteering for Teens] page and see what option is right for you. 

If there's one thing you should remember, it's:

## The Youth Services department is THE place for kids ages birth through 8th grade-and their adults too!

